Prepare 1.15.0 release (#3297)
detekt/detekt: docs/pages/changelog 1.x.x.md

permalink: changelog.html
toc: true
---
#### 1.15.0 - 2020-12-18

##### Notable Changes

detekt 1.15.0 bundles Kotlin 1.4.10.  
You may experience some known issues when your project already used 1.4.20
- [#3248](https://github.com/detekt/detekt/issues/3248) and [#3282](https://github.com/detekt/detekt/issues/3282).

In addition to many rule improvements, there are also new ones:

- RedundantHigherOrderMapUsage
- ListAllWhenCases
- UseIfEmptyOrIfBlank

We added documentation on how to configure [type resolution](https://detekt.github.io/detekt/type-resolution.html).  

> Only then rules marked with `Requires Type Resolution` are run (

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only then rules marked with `@requiresTypeResolution` are run (
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. The code uses `@requires...` and the documentation makes `Requires ...` out of it.
Do you suspect readers of the release notes grepping in the code more often than checking the website?

Reviewer: For me, I always dig into the code because that's what Google search provided me. I actually never know that we are generating `Requires Type Resolution` on the website.

Thanks for the information. I don't have a strong opinion so I would trust your judgment.
